stop treating women like infants
stop it it's a 28 year old adult woman
when do people start like when do people
start being responsible for their own
decisions in life when when does it stop
when is it that when you stop and
vandalizing women if if but if melissa
is telling you her life is wonderful and
her relationship with me is wonderful
and whatever she's talking about all
these things going on
why would you disregard that invent a
mythology in your own mind and then
treat that as more real than all this
[ __ ] evidence and all this stuff
about all the meaningful content we've
turned out over the last four and a half
years
i started this video by asking when did
you learn this stuff when did you have
to face up to the reality of what what
human nature is or what the majority of
your fellow human beings are really like
but would it be an exaggeration to say
that for you melissa facing up to that
facing up to just how stupid people are
facing up to just how mean-spirited
people are
facing up to how un unwilling people are
to be reasonable or rational even when
you make the effort to be reasonable and
rational and honest with them
i think would it be an exaggeration to
say that you had that experience
when you came on my youtube channel
hit it yeah so one experience that i had
was with somebody that i knew from
college who had written to me in a
completely unreasonable way oh yeah
another friend who was my roommate
and yeah having that experience of like
somebody who even knew me formerly i
think you should tell the story i mean
obviously you can you can anonymize it
or whatever but i mean i think
you know chromium why don't you why
don't you just sum up this sure so yeah
it was actually it's relevant because it
is very real it's very similar in the
fandom this response that i can remember
here came
when i up when we uploaded these videos
talking about our relationship that
fandar has made videos responding to
like break up with isil or isil
shouldn't be in a relationship yeah
you know he takes this clip of me
breaking down weeping you know talking
about how much i love isil
that is a point when she broke down
weeping she was like not what she loves
me
um you know
sleeping about the fact that we've had
issues in this relationship because of
me because yeah yeah
yeah no but tell the story about what
the funny girls
so when that was uploaded
i got a text message from this friend
who i hadn't heard from in years
i had maybe
one message from her after university
but that was it and she just asked me in
a text message are you okay
it became obvious that she had been
watching
eisel's youtube channel and she had been
following me this whole time which i i
didn't i didn't know about
um following my life
you know it and it's one thing if she
had actually like messaged me saying
like hey i saw that you moved to china
that's that's yeah right
right that's another point so this is
someone this is someone who knew you for
years
and then they just silently watch as you
do a whole bunch of really interesting
things in your life including moving to
china and so it's starting a new job and
starting you did going to baking school
like you went through a whole bunch of
things
without ever saying one word to you and
then oh here's my chance to judge you
here's my chance to denigrate you and
snub you about something in your
personal life that they know nothing
about like i'm going to denigrate yeah
now now i'm going to write to you and
yeah yeah the funny thing was too i know
it's kind of unrelated but uh she she
was vegetarian and she as far as i know
is still vegetarian so she might be
interested just in talking about like
well wow you went vegan you know like
after you graduated from high graduation
from college after i knew you you became
vegan right um like maybe there would be
some
some discussion of this this is supposed
to matter yes
um but no she just you know was
indicating to me that she's she's
concerned about my well-being because
she thinks i'm in a bad relationship and
i just i think you're underselling it
okay you said the conversation being
hostile
i mean look she basically called you
insane right yeah right right right
right no but like you know
no but i mean also this thing with like
phandar not being able to perceive he's
done something wrong and vegan foot
soldier not being able to perceive
anything and even somebody like ask
yourself they're not perceiving
themselves as doing something wrong when
they're doing something that's clearly
immoral clearly damaging and so on you
know
to go after someone
publicly or privately
and claim that they are an abuser
that they are like it's such a vague
insinuation it's such a vague allegation
you can never clear your name i don't
know how we can live in a society where
you don't think it is a morally
significant act to tell someone not to
ask them but to tell someone
that their husband
or their
four-year boyfriend
is a criminal is doing something
criminal and that and in this case it's
absolutely they're telling you that
you're the victim yeah when you've never
complained about anything like this so
it's not even it's not even an
allegation that i've done something to
someone else but to make that kind of
tremendously serious tremendously
damaging
allegation and
i realize some of these people make use
of the paper-thin pretense
that they're trying to help you
but
it's never convincing i mean it's always
obvious within five seconds or within
two sentences
that their real agenda is this
combination of self-righteous stupidity
and malice
you know
i'm sorry because i remember the
messages i mean
she was trying to hurt you she's not
trying to help you like it's taken a lot
of
i know i talk about personal growth but
like i don't know what else to say like
to to
a lot of growing up a lot of like
realizing that you know i have to stand
up for myself
and in these situations if somebody is
is confrontational with me i have to
recognize what's going on you know um
like they are actually trying to start
something with me whereas like i i am
always like
i'm uh inclined to to to not start a
fight with somebody to try to be
reasonable right so um you know in this
situation like
you were you're right she was she was uh
she was trying to hurt you and whether
or not she did it
and i i know i distinctly remember this
feeling like of just like this
chill through my body this like sinking
in the pit of my stomach like i'm in
trouble like like they're calling me out
on something you know like that to me is
what i've been like struggling with when
i you know when i was right
becoming an adult somebody who's who's
defending myself or like you know
standing up for myself is just realizing
like oh this is a moment where i need to
like stand up for myself and most of the
time it's just like i
i just have trouble with this well i
said look at the comments creative
renewal says i'm really sorry that the
discussion is based on actual
experiences with an invasive audience
but this is such an important
conversation for viewers of chris thanks
if you know anyone to share the link
with share it and the video will be up
permanently you know i'm just saying you
don't have to watch it while it's
happening i'm and i'm glad you see some
you see some value but look you know i
i'll come back to my major late motif in
this video so you know that was one
woman you were roommates with in college
they weren't really close friends but
they're
familiar okay
but part of the confrontation there is
realizing how stupid she is
how mean-spirited she is and
how willing she is to hurt you
when she has nothing to gain okay yeah
when people are fighting to see who can
get off a sinking ship
i get it you know when people are
fighting to get the last tickets so they
can be the one who gets on the ship you
know i get it like there are people who
fight if we're all working together in
real estate and we're being mean to each
other because we're competing to see who
can buy and sell certain houses
i get it but dude
like to me the darkest thing about that
of all
is that that woman had nothing to gain
you know accept making herself feel
better
by hurting you
and she may not be aware that that's
what she's doing
you know you know another point so babe
this does what you it's going to seem
like i'm talking about something i'm
actually talking about her youtube
channel also
um
this comes up with phandar but comes up
with again vegan foot soldier is a great
example too who are like i say to these
people
how is it possible
that you have ignored so many meaningful
and substantive topics on my youtube
channel and melissa doesn't have as many
videos as i do but it's still it's still
an issue it's still a question right how
is it possible that you've ignored a
mountain of things that are worth
talking about or even worth disputing
maybe even worth us having a like a
confrontation about
just to pick this one thing that has to
do with my sex life
you know what i'm just going to see
like
you know like you know so i can say to
phandar like and he never answers this
you know
why is it you've never talked to me
about doing humanitarian work
whether in cambodia or laos or syria or
afghanistan do you have no interest in
that you have nothing humanitarian in
you i talk about that a lot why is it
you've never
talked to me about reading aristotle and
thucydides and building up some kind of
deep appreciation for
classical greek you know political
philosophy
why is it you've never talked to me
about
the history of the american
constitutional and legal tradition
that's something i've read a lot about
because the large part of my book i'm
writing a book really the last five
chapters or something are all about the
american constitution it's a lot of
philosophizing but constitutional but
like with this chick this this woman you
knew in college who's sending you hate
mail about this [ __ ] i can ask all the
same questions but it's even worse
because she knows you in real life face
to face so you know
well you know melissa made a huge
decision in her life to start learning
chinese and she made a decision to go to
athens like it could be anything like
okay gee wasn't it interesting going to
athens greece and seeing the ancient
ruins where people like socrates used to
walk you know what i mean nope
no interest no curiosity and also there
are things you've said that are you know
edgy or provocative or extreme you've
had you know opinions on different on
different issues
no
it's just i'm i'm saying they may not be
conscious of it it's just oh here's my
chance to hurt you like
sorry sir i don't know if you want to
talk yeah yeah go go okay
i think that's part of it i'm just
saying there it's it's not just that
they're abusive and trying to hurt you
on this issue it's that they're silent
about every other issue right
some of which you may be wrong about
like maybe you deserve criticism about
your views on afghanistan but like that
was yeah
that was probably what i was saying like
i i've i've experienced this also with
other people that
they haven't even
they haven't even reached out to me on
the most like
the easiest way to reach out to somebody
who's on the internet like if you're
already friends with them on facebook or
if you're if you're following each other
on instagram like
they didn't message me
you know we were on a group together
that was like specifically for
the people that we knew each other in
college right this facebook group right
so like
you know she knew me um
but she didn't try to keep in touch with
me at all so yeah and one thing that i
wanted to say in response to what you
were you were talking about this this uh
making it seem like they're trying to
help you yes this i've really
had to see through like no this is not
what's happening um even if they say
that they're trying to help you and
they're just trying they're just trying
to help they're just trying to be
helpful no right um and it's actually
malice that's actually cruel to you yeah
this happens between like men between
men but it happens i think more between
women oh and men talking to women
a lot oh white knighting yeah sure men
who want to rescue him that event with
joe best joe best was like trying to
save you from this relationship yeah
yeah way back then it's easy to forget
now yeah i remember yeah yeah people
can't change unless they recognize that
they're doing something wrong
and like these people they really
actually are unaware
yeah
that what they're doing is
intentionally trying to hurt someone
again sometimes this is private
communication but a lot of time it's
public that you're making youtube videos
claiming this stuff you're making like
in the case of fandog you're engaging in
a four-year long
harassment and defamation campaign
occasionally with threats and other
features and and you know again i wrote
to the guy like you know okay some
people hate me but it's for some
meaningful reason you hate me because of
what i said about afghanistan or
something okay let's all right that's it
we can just maybe we can talk about that
and again see that's season one that's
my old mentality that's okay maybe i can
overcome that with kindness right but
like one by one i think each of us gives
up on overcoming hostility with kindness
each of us gives up on being reasonable
with unreasonable people and our
expectations for human nature shift
to where you fundamentally expect
everyone frankly to be the same kind of
malignant [ __ ]
as this girl you went to
college with and let's just say she's
not mentally disabled
she's not you know she does she's not
autistic
she's not you know you know what i mean
like like in many ways she's a normal
person and that's what's terrifying to
me is that this is normal when you get
to know these people this is this is the
new normal to what extent was she
conditioned to regard that as normal
through this whole internet culture of
harassment and defamation just being a
sport just being a you know a past time
yeah
i i wonder that too like i can i can
think back to
being quite young being on the internet
and having this different interaction
with people online versus when you see
them in school
yeah i remember feeling this this very
different
uh sense of
responsibility when you're actually
having a confrontation with somebody
like in person and wanting to avoid that
but like online it seems like that's
where people think that they can unleash
this kind of confrontational
uh
yeah
energy that they have but
it's still real life you know you're
still
what what's being talked about on the
internet is still happening it
never occurred to me
that like 90
of the email i would get
saying email any community facebook
messages whatever would be about my sex
life
you know what i mean
like you know and like you know like
maybe i don't know what percentage did
you expect it's like no i'm going to
interpret this as evidence that you know
this is a controlling abusive
relationship and and guys like
i wish i could tell you that's like
counterbalanced by
meaningful
criticism of any kind
like that's counterbalanced by like
debates about vegan politics or
aristotle or afghanistan yeah but it
isn't
like what what being on the internet
this shows you is that
those stupid malicious people they are
the vast majority
you know i i played a lot of video games
growing up so i
i know this
i know it's very well that people have
online interactions that are extremely
hostile um
[Music]
on my you know headphones headsets
microphone sets
um
so yeah i do think you're right and that
people are training themselves from a
young age to engage this way with people
right when that would
be very unusual even for
playing sports even for
playing cards with you know that's right
kind of interaction that we're training
people to have the thing that bothered
me the most about that is that this
this girl this uh young woman who
messaged me
when we knew each other
i never had any confrontation with her
and it's not
it's not that i don't want that you know
like i think that that would have been
good for my development had i had some
kind of big blowout with one of my
girlfriends in in college you know like
if if i would have had a confrontation
that we
we
got angry at each other and then worked
through it and decided to like you know
still be friends one of us either one of
us whoever's in the wrong we make amends
and then and then move forward like that
that to me like that is what friendship
is supposed to be about like you can
have disagreements you can have like
fights even and move past that and even
be like better for it you can be
stronger for it but i didn't even have
that like
the relationships that i had with with
those friends like they were so surface
level that i didn't you know she
wouldn't have said that stuff to my face
it was like only through
messaging that that they're able to do
that that's what you're training with
yes with these
maybe not just video games but like
online chat forums right so more
generally there's also this thing of
treating people as disposable and easily
replaceable and that your actions and
what you say have no long-term
consequences you know yeah yeah that was
another thing i was thinking of yeah
yeah like so this woman who's known you
since you were in college together yeah
so what do you think happens next like
you say this to me now
what do you think happens next what do
you think happens next 10 years because
this consequence is forever yeah like
right yeah
oh yeah it's not it's not like it's a
meaningful relationship but it's a
relationship it's someone you've known
someone you could still know you know
for sure yeah
well after this too there was another
roommate who messaged me when i talked
about pet ownership yeah she said this
was
the most insane
uh dangerous
concept she'd ever heard and that
i'm i've been brainwashed and all this
horrible stuff um
yeah that was a similar situation but
her response at the very end of the
whole confrontation was to say
thank you next like you know like
totally treating me as completely
disposable like like all those years i
knew you were nothing like i was just
some stranger to you the whole time i
really admire that you want to reach out
to people and that you you did have this
this innate kind of wanting to make
things better with another person even
when they've been hostile to you because
like to try to set the relationship on a
better footing that i think is
disappearing more and more like people
just want to like cut things off they
say like oh cut off communication never
speak again like that's the only way
you're going to get past this issue like
whereas isn't there some other option
like why does it have to be
we'll never we have this horrible
conflict and we never speak again um
right that's like how everybody treats
each other online it's like oh i'll
never see you again block i can just
block you forever so i think i think
there are many reasons to be kind and to
be reasonable to be rational with people
you know but like one of them is that
you are training yourself right like you
are learning how to deal with this so
you know
yes i have the delusion that i can help
other people
become better people
by working through these conflicts and
misconceptions with them right and i
think like any one example
there actually are like you can take a
specific like look you see what you did
there you see the way you convinced
yourself of something
that's completely impossible but you
know you see the like the the error you
made your reasoning like i do think i
can help people i can help the other
person but like no matter how crazy or
no matter how irrational by really
breaking down for them look this is the
way in which you're being irrational and
i'm wrong i know you know obviously this
is there's helping other people but i
mean there's also the hope
that you're helping yourself that you're
becoming a better person by ministering
unto others you know what i mean yeah
yeah so you want to say like and again
you don't get that playing video games
no yeah i think it's like i want to deal
with your misconceptions partly to help
you with your misconceptions and i also
want to help me become a master of
dealing with human misconceptions
it's quite different than the video game
mindset because the video game mindset
is
i can quit this game rage quit like i
can get so pissed off with this person
yeah and just say like [ __ ] this game
like this is pissing me off too much
like
you can turn it off like a machine you
know um
but no people are not
automatons they're you know
you have to in these relationships you
know this is your one chance you know
like you yeah like in each
interaction that you have with this
person you're either building the
relationship you're either moving
forward and like and and creating
something positive together or
yeah you're not that's been a sad lesson
for me to learn is that like i have to
be closed off to something people like
right i used to think like oh i can just
share with you know you're my friend
like i can talk to you about my life
like people will use
certain things that you say
and also on the internet you know like
oh i can't like be honest because people
will take something that they see
and and um create some kind of theory
about my relationship with you or my
past you know like what
just anything you know and they have
nothing to gain yeah they're just
harming you they're just making the
world a worse place
and i don't know if they consciously are
aware that they enjoy it
or maybe they don't even enjoy it but i
just want to reiterate i'm not talking
about the difference between positive
and negative here right like i'm happy
to have people send me negative email
negative you know what i mean but the
point is have conversations that are
reasonable
rational you know i mean that that have
a point where there's something inside
the list you know what i mean like it
was people you know communicate with you
like criticizing one of my book reviews
or something criticizing what i have to
say about aristotle like oh okay this is
substantive there's really something
that's that's really about something but
no
um
you know
again what i see is the vast majority of
the audience they're just looking for an
opportunity
to assassinate your character to make
you seem like a terrible person who has
terrible motivations yeah
even when that would be
completely
meaningless so like one of so for now
more than four years
one of phandar's obsessions
is to try to claim that i'm arrogant a
lot of people on youtube are arrogant
you know
one of my competitors unnatural vegan
is arrogant and she identifies as
arrogant she describes herself that she
talks about her own kind of arrogance
and how that comes across on camera and
she kind of talks about the advantage
that this matters there you know now
there are some good things about a
natural vegan and there's some bad
things about it but okay you know who
else is ever going
vegan gains
vegan gains as hurricanes you know what
i mean you know
a lot of people are arrogant but you
know if if you think i'm arrogant if you
think my youtube channel is too arrogant
for you gotta tell you something i'm
being arrogant about really meaningful
things here guys like you know like
you know like the point is like i can
accept but
what are you going to win
how does this justify a four year
obsessive
defamation and hate campaign how does it
justify you putting in the time and
effort this guy joined my patreon
repeatedly in order to send insults and
defamation within patreon this guy
created at least three youtube channels
i mean how many youtube accounts did he
create like it may be over 100 like
google accounts or gmail accounts he's
created dozens of instagram accounts
about what there is to win do you think
the university professors are better
like the people i was just talking to
from university i don't think they're
better i think they're the same as
fandaar being real do you think the
people living in this apartment building
so if you guys don't know we made a
video talking about my conflict with
other people living in the same
apartment building i think they have the
exact same mentality as federer do you
remember there was one guy so this is a
facebook group for our park building and
he's in the facebook group and he's
making allegations about my sex life and
my sexual character and there is not one
word there's not one mention hey you
know this guy also makes a lot of videos
talking about aristotle thucydides
ancient greece
nope there's no mention of like oh this
guy actually cares a lot about uh
politics and history and you know
whatever you know i mean yeah like no
this it's exactly the same pattern we
talked about with the friend so this is
someone who lives i don't even know if a
man face to face or not legitimately to
this day i do not know if i met the guy
face to face but this is someone who
built it up in their own mind they were
going to publicly announce me to the
other people who are in the same gym
with me and in the same hallways with me
and go to the same mailbox with me that
you are going to denounce me and defend
me on this level on the basis of things
you have made up about my sex life and
that you've trolled around the internet
and found evidence for on reddit you
know what i mean like oh oh just look on
reddit and see what that's like you know
and i'm right here you're talking like
i'm and you and like no matter how
honest we are and by the way i did the
same thing i did sorry that's a great
example i did the overcoming
uh you trying to overcome hostility with
kindness you know trying to overcome
cruelty with kindness i was kind and i
wrote back to all those people again and
again seeing the kindest and most
positive things saying look if you want
to talk to me you can talk about like if
this is you know whatever he's going to
say but like look i'm i'm here for it
but like you know
well yeah so so i'm just saying all
those people are like fandar in real
life like that's the [ __ ] thing we
have more people in the audience saying
they think phandar is is insane of
course and a lot of people think he's
he's mentally disturbed but he's
mentally [ __ ] or what have you but
like you mentally disabled but i'm
telling you what if the internet is
showing us the extent to which that's
normal and unfortunately people
people are willing people who have the
self-discipline and motivation to be
reasonable are in this tiny minority
and we're the people who write books and
make history like we're over-represented
and we're we're the people fictional tv
shows are about tv shows are not made
about losers like fandom they're not
made about losers like your friend from
university they're not no i mean any tv
show the actual fictional characters you
know they have a certain level of
rationality and purpose and focus they
don't do things for no reason they don't
spit have you ever seen a movie that's
about someone sitting at their computer
you know trying to ruin somebody else's
life for no for you know what i mean
sorry oh i'm gonna spend the next three
hours trying to get this guy to break up
with his girlfriend or well i'm gonna
spend the next four years something that
i've tried to get melissa to break up
how will you actually feel if you
succeed in your you know plot to destroy
somebody's life yes yeah
yes of course
that reddit post that's going to haunt
you know
yeah yeah yeah right or reputation for
the rest of your life apparently because
there's there's no there's no way to
rectify this like people can say
whatever they want on reddit about you
and that's just going to stay up forever
you know doesn't the person who made
that post feel some sense of like
responsibility for
the impact that that's had on your life
that like
just looking up your name like that's
going to show up and and people who
you know know me too like if they're
right
that bothers you in a way it doesn't
bother me so i don't want to depress how
i feel about it but do you want to talk
about how you feel about that because
i've before you ever met me
you emailed me about that i remember you
emailed me basically saying
like look isil i know you're such a good
person and what you're doing youtube is
so positive important but here's the
reality when you google your name you
get this awful you know post on reddit
yeah and everything in it is fault like
you could go through it line by line and
it's all lies and misrepresentation
right you know saying that bother you
from day one but i mean maybe you feel
differently about it now but like i
don't see it your way at all why don't
you talk about it all right well
in your own life in mind and in the
overlap because it's mostly about the
overlapping right so there was a podcast
that was run by two vegan women and i
joined their facebook group
and
at some point
the topic came up some topic came up and
it made sense to share one of your
videos yeah
and it was something really specific i
forget if it was like how leather is
produced or how uh
how palm oil is produced with something
quite specific like that right
whatever it doesn't matter but it was
something i made a very so it was the
specific topic and i made the video on
that yeah right so i mean i shared this
with a kind of like
you know sense of like oh like you're
talking about this issue like this is
relevant and this is somebody talking
about this in a
you know down-to-earth
[Music]
interesting way you know like this will
this will be entertaining in some ways
uh
and just it was sad for me to see the
responses that uh you know just saying
like oh
that guy i think i think uh you know
he's a creep or like and i was like oh
why
they're like oh i just googled his name
and you know like this is the kind of
thing that comes up right and i was like
and and more stuff about the durian
writer thing like i felt like
oh well no if you actually listen to
those videos like you'll know what
happened in that case and that like the
situation is is not what you're thinking
and she was just like you know and i was
and i was like sharing some links and
she was like oh i don't have time for
that like right i would i would go crazy
if i tried to watch all those videos
okay so
you don't have time to like watch these
videos but you do have time to like pass
judgment and like spread that i'm just
gonna defame this guy probably yeah
god i hate that term too like what does
it even mean like anyway um defame or
what no creep oh creep hole
oh
he's a grief yeah um yeah yeah i have
definite knowledge these groups yeah but
how do you how do you feel with her how
do you see that now okay because
everyone knows it's still part of no
that was that was then but now
for now
now
now i think
it's
in a way it has kind of been
i'm not coming up with the words right
now but like
it's it's a kind of like threshold for
what people are willing like
i don't wanna yeah i don't wanna say
that it's a way for me to gauge
somebody's uh intelligence like if they
can look if they can actually read into
this and see like wow this is stupid and
like this is not these allegations are
you know
clearly just
made out of thin air like there's
nothing to them if they can look past
that and see like the the value and
isil's like content what he what he
produces on on the internet and like
what he's actually done with his life
and like the value in all of his history
which again people aren't talking about
like this it's not about yours ignoring
everything else
everything about about my life
everything else about my journal and
everything else even about our
relationship like what we're doing or
whatever like what makes relationship
work
whether you see that in terms of us like
there was a time when we wanted to open
a vegan bakery together or like whatever
was going on nope no interest yeah okay
so we have a we have an incredibly
intelligent person in the audience so
why don't you talk to me over there so
uh uh inyenzi okay
says quote this strikes me as an abusive
relationship comma there's clearly a
power disparity between like a 40 year
old and a 20 year old you two aren't
equal it's like a kid looking for
approval from her dad
very creepy close quote okay so look
at the moment he made that comment you
were just speaking in a completely like
mature highly motivated like
assertive way
that shows actually a lot of your like
at that moment you were kind of on a
rant but you said you could actually see
what a forceful self-confident character
melissa was at the moment you said that
please don't ask you
one how old do you think melissa is and
then two
how dare you treat adult women like
infants
when when does it stop
when is it that when you stop and
vandalizing women and like when you stop
again like sorry like if if melissa was
actually incredibly shy or like mentally
disabled like so melissa's 28 years old
okay now if you're talking about a 28
year old with down syndrome and they're
really limited like oh like i don't know
which thing but like melissa was just
going on a rant where she is she's
actually showing how much character and
how much just independence she has if
you think if you think she doesn't yell
at me she does like if you don't think
she's a forceful character who really
speaks up for herself
and really pushes me around stuff you
just saw her in the middle of it you
typed that
while she was ranting forcefully so i
mean some other video like people were
talking about something sad maybe you're
a little bit mopey
nope you just saw what she's like this
is as real as it gets so she's like when
she's slightly pissed off she gets more
pissed off like you know it wasn't you
at like that wasn't you at a nine out of
ten okay but you just saw that this is
such a forceful you know where did the
guy go in nancy where'd you go bro so
talk to me
like
and even this comment saying that you're
you're looking for that wasn't true at
all that's not true of anything you've
said in this whole discussion like this
characterization of you so you know and
again all these other issues come up
even packed in within this this comment
and miniature like you know
stop stop i have a whole playlist called
this stop treating women like infants
stop it it's a 28 year old adult woman
when do people start like when do people
start being responsible for their own
decisions in life
yeah when when do you start take
seriously start taking seriously what
she says as evidence now look take it
seriously either way if melissa says
that her life is miserable and terrible
take it seriously you know what i mean
like that's like you know she's telling
you her perspective maybe she's wrong
like you know yeah but but it's her
perspective
like you know if if but if melissa is
telling you her life is wonderful and
her relationship with me is wonderful
and whatever she's talking about all
these things going on
why would you disregard that invent a
mythology in your own mind and then
treat that as more real than all this
[ __ ] evidence and all this stuff
about all the meaningful content we've
turned out over the last four and a half
years okay so in yeah has commented
no no no okay so right so we just talked
about this for more than ever
so here's here's a super intelligent
comment quote do you guys wonder why
multiple people have made this same
point though okay in yenzi
do you have any idea how many
anti-semitic comments i've received on
this channel
do you remember do you have any idea how
many comments i received from
literal neo-nazis
what do you think there are more of
people who believe neo-nazi conspiracy
theories or people who believe this
horseshit you made up in your own mind
like dude you're stupid
neo-nazis in a very different way
are stupid and neo-nazis are people who
take their stupidity and malice and you
know they do have little bits and pieces
of evidence they disregard mountains of
evidence in order to pick up a molehill
and say oh look
you know my crazy theory is you know has
more evidence to support it than what's
taught in high school textbooks like
dude i have dealt with
the most extreme idiots on the internet
for years i'm sorry we didn't even
mention communism in this video do you
have any idea what email email and
communications and comments i get from
communists from fascists from vegans
from muslims i critique the muslim faith
i've gotten you know every religious
group christians you know whatever
because i'm an atheist so i criticize
those groups and yes yes y'all from
crazy vegans but like in yenzi like
can't you recognize that just like a
neo-nazi no matter what evidence we show
you no matter what she says you are
going to disregard it and you are going
to reinforce a theory you invented in
your head nobody else invented it nobody
provided you with any reason that you
made it something wrong and the question
i want to ask you is why
what do you get out of it like do you
feel good believing this and saying this
to me because i assume you believe it
like i assume you're not just saying
like does this do you feel proud of
yourself
do you do you feel powerful or strong
because like
it's so ridiculous it's
i know
it's so it's so clearly contrary to
everything and you don't feel so i mean
before you're talking i'm just going to
come back to something you were saying a
little bit earlier babe yeah but i was i
alluded to the fact that i feel very
differently about these things than
melissa does like the comments on on
reddit and what have you and this just
the kind of absolute lie
made up on the internet right
the main way i feel is this
i have personal integrity
i can show you what it means to have
personal integrity but i can't have
personal integrity for you i can't have
personal integrity for anyone else
now a great example of that working out
positively is durianrider right
i showed durianrider now he has all this
respect for me he used to hate me he has
a ton of respect from you so i i was
like look i have personal integrity i'm
not going to tell a lie i'm not going to
do anything immoral at all not in my
defense and not to hurt him so during
writer made up lies about me
but when other people made up lies
against durianrider consistently i
defended him i spoke the truth even
though i know some very bad things with
him right and by the way i do know
private secret things about dorian
writer's sex life that i've never said
on the internet i did back then and i
still didn't have it like back then i
knew there were things i knew quote
unquote dirt on the guy and i don't
believe it's gossip it's not worth it
you know
i knew people to say i knew people close
to him is an understatement okay
i had i knew
terrible things about him that were told
to me by people
people who slept in the same room as him
okay
and i never once said any of them on the
internet because i have personal
integrity and then when there were
people making up lies about him that i
knew to be lies i stood up and said hey
look guys this is the truth i showed him
and i showed everyone what it means that
person theory so i feel completely fine
about myself but the question i have for
someone like you in yenzi is
don't you feel bad about yourself like
if it makes you feel good to come on and
harass someone like her and the moment
you came on she was speaking in this
totally self-confident highly motivated
that shows you what she as a 28 year old
woman is like my question is you know
what
you know what do you feel don't you
regret don't you look at yourself in the
mirror and feel that you know
feel that you're lacking some kind of
personal integrity
[Applause]
[Music]
do
you